As the technology grows, the phone start to play a important role for humans. It not only provides easy communication for one with others, but also provides entertainment by having all kinds of different attributes, such as taking pictures, watching films, and playing video games. However, there are a lot of kinds of phone in the market. In order to make people find the phone that best match their need as fast as possible, our team created a smart phone price engine which displayed on the website. 

First, we thought about what are some factor
that people will pay attention to the most. We thought about pirce, brand, 5G, storages, momeories and so on. We also thought about to include the as many as possible types of phone brand, but We found out that some of the small brand  that people pay attention to the most when they are picking their smart phones. We came up with a couple features, such as price, brand, memory, and storage. We also believed that the histgram was the best graph type for the visualization because it can easily put the price in different range. We designed the feature that if we clicked the bin for a certain price range, the website will provide the user the highest rating phone models for their reference. We first thought about to include as many phone brand as possible, but we found out that some of the small bran
 only had a few data records which is not helpful. Therefore, we are mainly foucs on the big brand such as Apple and Samsung, but we also included some not very popular brand such as Poco and 


Nothing . 
We use the Live Share Plugin for VS Code to develop together. We uses Svelte and D3.js as our basis framework as it is the things we are familiar with through labs. Yihui Zhang selected the dataset and provided the idea for the purpose of this website. Tianyi Chen performed data cleaning to make a better use of our data. Then, Yihui Zhang used D3.js to create the basic histogram and design the layout for html elements, he also created the workflow to filter data in Javascript. Tianyi Chen then added interactivivity to the histogram and other element in the HTML. And finally, we discussed and share our idea on the design choice and finished the CSS part together. We approximately spend 15 hrs together to finish the project. The most time costly part is the part we want to make the logos of phone brands to work to be clickable. It is a lot of work to incooperate tons of local svgs into svelte.